Date: 2016-05-23
Editor: Renée Bäcker
Title: Welcome to OTRSWeekly


Welcome to the new OTRSWeekly. It's a newsletter about OTRS stuff. We will collect blog posts,
forum threads, event announcements and other interesting stuff. If you find anything that
might fit in this weekly newsletter, please drop me a line at 

`hints@otrsweekly.info`

If you want to join me editing this newsletter, please drop me a line at

`help@otrsweekly.info`

Let's start with the news

<hr>

# Announcements

## OTRS 5.0.10

On May 17th, the tenth release of OTRS 5.0 was published. There are several bugfixes in it and a new console command was re-added:  Dev::Tools::GenericInterface::DebugRead (thanks to Rolf Schmidt).

More info: [OTRS announcement](....#TODO ...)

<hr>

# Events

## 29th OTRS meetup Rhineland

On June 15th, the 29th OTRS meetup Rhineland will take place at [maxence](http://maxence.de/). They are open for talk proposals and they ask
for registration (via mail or in the Otterhub forum thread).

See: [Announcement on Otterhub](http://forums.otterhub.org/viewtopic.php?f=34&t=32211)

<hr>

# Blogposts

## OTRS-Betrieb mit SELinux (German)

I wrote a Blogpost (German) on how to run OTRS with SELinux enabled.

See: [Blogpost](....#TODO ...)

<hr>

# Interesting Otterhub threads

<hr>

# Addon updates

## New OPAR addons

### TicketChecklist

Now one can set the article number, the todo item comes from. Only available for OTRS 5.

[TicketChecklist on OPAR](http://opar.perl-services.de/dist/TicketChecklist)

### CustomerWarnAndErr

A new addon to show warnings and "error" for a customer (either user or company). That can
help to give the agent some hints (e.g. "only 6 calls left in this support period, ask customer to extend the contract").

[CutomerWarnAndErr on OPAR](http://opar.perl-services.de/dist/CustomerWarnAndErr)

## New commercial addons

### TicketChecklist

Now one can set the article number, the todo item comes from. And in the dialogs for new
articles, the agent can apply more than one checklist templates for the ticket.
Only available for OTRS 5.

[TicketChecklist on Feature-Addons.de](http://feature-addons.de/otrs/Ticket/TicketChecklist)
