Date: 2016-06-06
Editor: Renée Bäcker
Title: Debugging dynamic fields...


A few free addons have been updated/released and there is one blogpost I wrote.

If you find anything that
might fit in this weekly newsletter, please drop me a line at

`hints@otrsweekly.info`

If you want to join me editing this newsletter, please drop me a line at

`help@otrsweekly.info`

Let's start with the news

<hr>

# Blogposts

## Mitarbeitern nur das Notieren von Telefonanrufen erlauben (German)

You want to allow some agents to add notes about incoming calls (but no other permission to add articles)?
Then this blogpost might be interesting for you...

Blog: [Blog.Feature-Addons.de](http://blog.feature-addons.de/2016-06-06-telefonnotiz-ohne-rw-rechte)

<hr>

# Interesting Otterhub threads

## Impossible to send message to: - After OTRS 5 Update

@zionlook has/had problems to send mails after an upgrade to OTRS5 - and found the solution himself.
It seems he had to install some Perl modules.

See [Thread on Otterhub](http://forums.otterhub.org/viewtopic.php?f=62&t=32526)

## OTRS is creating new tickets when it should be updating a ticket

@klabarre want to communicate with a ZenDesk system.

See [Thread on Otterhub](http://forums.otterhub.org/viewtopic.php?f=62&t=32522)

## Zeiteinheiten im Artikel - Bug (German)

Time units can be accounted only iff an article is created... This is considered a bug.

See [Thread on Otterhub](http://forums.otterhub.org/viewtopic.php?f=35&t=32462)

<hr>

# Addon updates

## New OPAR addons

### TicketDynamicFieldsDebugDialog

When you develop a new feature and that involves dynamic fields, you can enable all dynamic fields for AgentTicketZoom to see the values.
But that is too much just to debug some stuff. Therefor this addon exists. You get a new ticket menu item where you get a dialog that
shows you all the dynamic fields and their values...

See [TicketDynamicFieldsDebugDialog on OPAR](http://opar.perl-services.de/dist/TicketDynamicFieldsDebugDialog)

